(JAMES BOND THEME PLAYING)
(KINGSTON CALYPSO PLAYING)
Three blind mice in a row
Three blind mice, there they go
Marching down the street single file
To a calypso beat all the while
They’re looking for the cat
The cat that swallowed the rat
They want to show that cat
the attitude of three blind mice
Three blind mice here and there
Three blind mice everywhere
Searching all around for the cat
All over Kingston town, pitter pat
They got the carving knife
To cut the pussycat’s life
The puss will get the knife for trifling
with three blind mice
Oh, the mice
That's it!
Hundred honors and ninety below.
Nicely done, Strangways.
I have to give it to you.
Afraid I must leave you for a few minutes.
Order a round on my chit,
will you, Professor?
Right.
Damn it all! Must you break off
at this time every evening?
Sorry, General.
My managing director
is a creature of habit.
There's a call booked through to me
every day about this time.
Anyway, hurry back
before the cards get cold.
Twenty minutes.
And don't try doctoring any hands for me
while I'm away.
Same again.
-Bless you, master.
-Thank you.
(SHOT FIRING FROM A SILENCER)
(CAR APPROACHING)
-Hurry, man! Hurry!
-Get away, quick!
W6N, W6N, W6N, calling GYW.
How do you hear me? Over.
G7W, London. G7W, London.
Receiving you. Over.
Stand by to transmit.
Wait. Out.
Here.
(CLOCK CHIMING)
Hello, W6N, report my signals.
Report my signals. Over.
Hello, W6N. Over.
(BUZZER SOUNDING)
Foreman of Signals. Urgent.
Right. Get me MIG radio security control.
What is it?
W6N, Kingston, Jamaica.
Broken contact, sir, just after
they came up on routine transmission.
-Broken or faded?
-Broken, sir. Just the voice.
The carrier wave is still established.
Did you check on
both emergency frequencies?
Yes, sir. No joy on either. I'm still calling.
Keep trying. Let me know
as soon as they come up again.
Yes, sir. Hello? Hello, W6N.
Hello, W6N, report my signals. Over.
Foreman of Signals, sir.
Jamaica's broken off mid-transmission.
No, sir, it's not a technical fault.
Yes, sir.
Will you tell him, sir? Very good.
-Excuse me, are you a member?
-No, I'm looking for Mr. James Bond.
-What name should I say, sir?
-Just give him my card, will you?
Would you like to leave your coat
over there, sir?
(CROUPIER SPEAKING FRENCH)
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
-The house will cover the difference?
-Yeah, madam.
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
(CROUPIER SPEAKING FRENCH)
I need another thousand.
I admire your courage, Miss...
Trench. Sylvia Trench.
I admire your luck, Mr...
Bond.
James Bond.
Mr. Bond, I suppose
you wouldn't care to raise the limit?
I have no objections.
(CROUPIER SPEAKING FRENCH)
Now.
-Looks like you're out to get me.
-It's an idea, at that.
Eight.
(CROUPIER SPEAKING FRENCH)
-Excuse me, sir.
-Thank you.
André, I must pass the shoe.
I hope you'll forgive me,
but it's most important.
Thank you.
(CROUPIER SPEAKING FRENCH)
Have those changed, will you?
Too bad you have to go,
just as things were getting interesting.
Yes. Tell me, Miss Trench,
do you play any other games?
I mean besides chemin defer?
Golf, amongst other things.
-Tomorrow afternoon, then.
-Tomorrow? Let me see...
And we could have
dinner afterwards, perhaps?
Sounds tempting.
May I let you know in the morning?
Splendid.
My number's on the card.
MONEYPENNY: See if he's there, will you?
James, where on earth have you been?
I've been searching London for you!
007 is here, sir.
-He'II see you in a minute.
-Moneypenny!
-What gives?
-Me. Given an ounce of encouragement.
You never take me to dinner
looking like this, James.
You never take me to dinner, period.
I would, you know,
only M would have me court-martialed
for illegal use of government property.
Flattery will get you nowhere,
but don't stop trying. Now.
-What's all this to-do about?
-Strangways. And it looks serious.
We've been burning the air between
here and Jamaica for the last three hours.
(BUZZER SOUNDING)
In you go.
Don't forget to write.
Good evening, sir.
It happens to be 3 am.
When do you sleep, 007?
-Never on the firm's time, sir.
-Sit down.
Jamaica went off the air tonight,
just like that.
Right in the middle
of the opening procedure.
We've checked up.
And Strangways has disappeared.
So has his secretary.
She was a new girl.
We'd only just sent her out there.
Was Strangways on something special?
He was checking an inquiry
from the Americans.
They were complaining
about massive interference
with their Cape Canaveral rockets.
They think it comes
from the Jamaica area.
-Does "toppling" mean anything to you?
-A little.
It's throwing the gyroscopic controls
of a guided missile off balance
with a radio beam or something, isn't it?
More or less.
$5 million worth of missile
aimed at a spot in the south Atlantic,
but finishing up in the middle
of the Brazilian jungle is bad enough.
Now they're going to try
orbiting a rocket around the moon.
The American CIA sent a man down
to work with Strangways.
Fellow by the name of Leiter.
Do you know him?
I've heard of him but never met him.
Has he found out anything?
Anything important?
You better ask him. You're booked
on the 7:00 plane to Kingston.
That gives you exactly
three hours, 22 minutes.
Armorer.
I’ll have
a set of background papers to date
delivered to you at the airport
in a self-destructor bag.
You can study them during the flight.
I want to know
what's happened to Strangways.
Sir.
Take off your jacket.
Give me your gun.
Yes, I thought so.
This damn Beretta again.
I've told you about this before.
You tell him, for the last time.
It's nice and light, in a lady's handbag.
No stopping power.
Any comments, 007?
I disagree, sir.
I've used a Beretta for 10 years.
I've never missed with it yet.
Yeah, maybe not,
but it jammed on your last job.
You spent six months in hospital
in consequence.
If you carry a double-0 number,
it means you're licensed to kill,
not get killed.
And another thing,
since I've been head of MI6,
there's been a 40% drop
in double-0 operative casualties.
I want it to stay that way.
You'll carry the Walther,
unless, of course, you prefer to go back
to standard intelligence duties.
No, sir, I would not.
Then from now on you carry
a different gun. Show him, armorer.
Walther PPK.
It's 7.65 mil, with a delivery like
a brick through a plate-glass window.
Takes a Brausch silencer with
very little reduction in muzzle velocity.
-The American CIA swear by them.
-Thank you, Major Boothroyd.
Thank you, sir. Good night, sir.
-Any questions, 007?
-No, sir.
-All right then. Best of luck.
-Thank you, sir.
-007?
-Sir?
Just leave the Beretta.
(BUZZER SOUNDING)
M: Miss Moneypenny,
forget the usual repartee.
007’s in a hurry.
(SPEAKING ITALIAN)
Good luck.
There! Now you made me miss it.
You don't miss a thing.
How did you get in here?
Never mind that now you're here.
I decided to accept your invitation.
That was for tomorrow afternoon.
Tell me,
do you always dress this way for golf?
I changed
into something more comfortable.
I hope I did the right thing.
You did the right thing,
but you picked the wrong moment.
-l have to leave immediately.
-Oh, that's too bad.
Just as things
were getting interesting again.
When did you say you had to leave?
Immediately.
Almost immediately.
Hello, New York. Your Pan Am 323
just landed in Kingston, Jamaica.
(WOMAN CHATTERING ON PA)
-Taxi !
-All right, then go ahead.
-Help yourself.
Taxi!
-Mr. Bond, sir?
-Yes.
I'm Mr. Jones, sir.
Chauffeur from Government House.
I've been sent to get you.
That's fine, Mr. Jones, you can drop
my luggage off at the hotel on the way.
Hang on a minute, will you?
I want to check my reservation.
-I can do that.
-No, no. You just take care of the bags.
-Government House?
-RECEPTIONIST: Yes.
-Principal secretary, please.
-Hold the line, please.
-Who wants him?
-James Bond. Universal Exports.
Welcome to Jamaica, Mr. Bond.
Yes, your head office
alerted us this morning.
-You free for lunch today? 1:00?
-1:00, your office. That'll suit me fine.
By the way,
have you sent a car to meet me?
Car? I didn’t think
you wanted an official reception.
Quite right. 1:00 then.
Forgive me if I'm a few minutes late.
Thank you.
-Where would you like to go to first, sir?
-Government House, but I'm not in a hurry.
Just take me for a ride.
You always drive this fast?
I told you I wasn't in a hurry.
Sorry, sir, but I think
there's some fellow trying to follow us.
Then I suggest you try and lose them.
Take the next turning on the right.
Now, Mr. Jones, talk fast
before your friend doubles back.
Who are you working for?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I was just sent to meet you at the airport.
But by whom?
By Government House.
I don't think so.
Both hands on the wheel, Mr. Jones,
I'm a very nervous passenger.
Get out. Move!
Keep your hands where I can see them.
Get up!
-Now talk.
-All right. All right.
Let me have a cigarette.
To hell with you!
Sergeant, make sure he doesn't get away.
Cyanide in a cigarette?
-Fantastic.
-No less.
-Duff, what have you got?
-The car was stolen.
And we certainly haven't
been able to identify the driver yet.
But he surely wasn't a Kingston man.
Wherever he was from,
news of my arrival leaked.
We didn't advertise it, I can assure you.
Perhaps not.
I got the impression
someone had been selling tickets!
Anything more we can do for you?
Yes, I'd like to meet
the last people to see Strangways.
Nobody seems to have seen him
after he left our bridge four
at the Queens Club.
-Who were the others?
-Professor Dent.
Metallurgist. Runs a test laboratory.
Respected. Clean bill.
-And Potter.
-Old general, ex-Indian army.
Been here for ages.
We'll start with those.
-Want them brought in?
-Lord, no. I want to meet them socially.
I can introduce you at the club tonight.
Fine. Now, I'd like to take a look
at Strangways' place, Commissioner.
I'll run you up there now.
Go on in.
Oh, yes, that's a blood patch.
-They've grouped it as O-Rh positive.
-And that's her group, all right.
The set was still switched on
when we came round.
We tried to get through
on the same frequency,
but it was dead at the other end.
And it'll stay dead.
All frequencies are changed immediately
if security's broken.
Receipt from Dent Laboratories.
-Geology a hobby of Strangways'?
-Not that I know of, no.
Who is the man with Strangways?
One of the local fishermen.
He drove the car
that tailed me from the airport.
That so?
That gives us something to work on.
-I'II have a thorough check made on him.
-Yes, you do that.
I want to have a bath and change before
I meet PIeydeII-Smith at the club, all right?
One medium-dry vodka martini,
mixed like you said, sir, not stirred.
-Thank you.
-Anything else, sir?
-No, that's all.
-Very well, sir.
Curious, old Strangways
just vanishing like that. Or is it?
(SPEAKING FRENCH)
That secretary of his was very nice,
very nice indeed.
-Did you know her?
-I'd seen her around, you know.
I suppose none of you could throw
any light on what happened to him?
His conversation? Any hint?
Personally I never heard him
talk about anything
but big-game fishing and bridge.
Fishing was the latest craze.
He got the bug about three weeks ago
and he's been out practically
every day since.
Must've cost him something.
These fishermen ask the Earth to charter.
And Quarrel's
the most expensive of them all.
Quarrel?
Cayman Islander.
Keeps a boat in the harbor.
I see.
Thanks.
-Excuse me. Where do I find Quarrel?
-Him.
Thank you.
Your name Quarrel?
Maybe.
I'm a friend of Commander Strangways.
Now ain't that nice!
I like people who's friends of people.
I thought you might be able to tell me
what happened to him.
As far as I know, nothing happened.
Unless you know different, captain.
Where did you take him in your boat?
See that, captain?
That there is the Caribbean.
That's where. Fishing.
I'm interested in fishing.
I'd like to charter your boat.
I'm sorry, captain. It's not for hire.
-Seems I came to the wrong address.
-That's all right, captain.
Now if you'll excuse me,
I've got business to attend to.
(UNDER THE MANGO TREE PLAYING)
Underneath the mango tree
Me honey and me can watch for the moon
Me honey and me make boolooloop soon
Hey, Puss Feller.
Underneath the moonlit sky
Me honey and I can sit hand in hand
Me honey and I can make fairyland
Mango, banana and tangerine
Well, if it ain't my friend
what gets addresses mixed!
You got the right one this time,
if you likes good eating.
I do if the conversation matches it.
Back at the boat, too public.
-In there, it different.
-After you.
Sure thing.
-Hey, man, you see we get a bit of privacy.
-Nothing but, Quarrel. Nothing but.
-Pick a seat.
-I'm fine.
Okay, Mister,
supposing you start the conversation.
Now, how's about it?
Ain't no use you struggling.
Puss Feller wrestles alligators.
Right! Up slowly and face that wall.
LEITER: Hold it.
Gently, bud, gently. Let's not get excited.
Frisk him.
Nothing.
Interesting.
Where were you measured for this, bud?
My tailor. Savile Row.
That so? Mine's a guy in Washington.
Felix Leiter, Central Intelligence Agency.
You must be James Bond.
-You mean we're fighting the same war?
-Yeah, I spotted you at the airport,
but when I saw you
drive off with the opposition,
I figured I must be wrong.
This is Quarrel. He's been helping me.
No hard feelings, I hope.
Only a sore hand.
Glad to know you, Mr. Bond.
That's Puss Feller. He owns the place.
-I hope he cooks better than he fights.
-You can always find out.
Nobody died from my cooking yet.
(JUMP UP PLAYING)
All the people go jump up
Waving arms about, weaving in and out
It’s so easy to jump up
Take a pretty girl, take a whirl
Then do it again and then jump up
Hold her very tight, then for all the night
You’ll be doing the jump up
Jump up, jump up! Jamaica!
Jump up music! Jamaica!
Never want to stop! Jump up!
Jump up, jump up! Jamaica!
Jump up music! Jamaica!
Never want to stop! Jump up!
There you are.
Cape Canaveral is screaming
because with this
moon-rocket launching schedule
they don't want anything to go wrong.
And you say Strangways didn't think
the interference was coming from here.
Right.
-I suppose you cased the joint.
-I checked unofficially.
You limeys can be pretty touchy
about trespassing, you know.
Strangways and Quarrel
checked the offshore islands.
-You found nothing?
-Not a thing.
-Where did you look?
-Just about most everywhere.
-Fire Island, Crab Key, Morgan's Reef.
-Checked them all thoroughly?
All except Crab Key.
We didn't have no right to go there.
-Why not?
-It belongs to a Chinese...
Get her, Quarrel, and the camera.
Evening, missis.
You're hurting!
Captain wants you to have a drink with us.
-You're hurting me.
-You can't mean it.
Good evening.
Why do you want another picture of me?
Because I only got your hat at the airport.
Tell this ape to let me go.
But why do you want a picture at all?
Because that's the way I earn my living.
-Who pays you?
-The Daily Gleaner.
Puss Feller! Puss Feller!
-Anything I can do?
-Ever seen this girl before?
She comes here sometimes.
She being a nuisance to you?
You want for me to get rid of her?
No, just ring the Gleaner
and find out if they sent
a photographer here tonight, will you?
They didn't send me. I work freelance.
Freelance? For whom?
You...
Tell us and he'll stop.
We don't get nothing out of this gal.
You want for me to break her arm?
Another time.
The second time nothing's come out.
Give her arm back.
Run along, freelance.
You'll be sorry!
You'll all be sorry, you rats!
One takes cyanide, another would
accept her arm being broken.
Neither would talk.
Who puts that sort of scare into people?
I think maybe we better find out, but fast.
Look, you were talking about Crab Key.
What's so special about it?
Why can't we go over there?
It belongs to a Chinese character.
He won't allow anyone to land.
I had our naval reconnaissance planes
take a look.
They found nothing but a bauxite mine,
low-scan C-H radar setup.
But there's nothing illegal about that.
That Crab Key scares me plenty.
Friends of mine went out there once
after seashells.
Only trouble, they never came back again.
None of the local fishermen
will go near the place.
Commander Strangways and me,
we slip in at night.
He take some samples
and we came straight back again.
Don't do for a man to hang about there.
-What kind of samples?
-Bits of rock, sand, water.
I see. Crab Key begins to interest me.
What else do we know
about this Chinese gentleman?
Nothing much, except his name. Dr. No.
-l'd like to see Professor Dent, please.
-Have you an appointment, sir?
Tell him it's James Bond.
We met yesterday at the Queens Club.
Very well. He's somewhere in the lab.
Is Professor Dent there?
Never mind. Thank you.
Good morning, Professor.
Mr. Bond. Anything I can do for you?
Oh, yes, I came across this
in Strangways' office. Your receipt.
-Yes, that's right.
-Can you tell me anything about it?
Poor old Strangways.
Bit o fa bug of his, this amateur geology.
He brought some rock samples to me
for testing,
convinced they were valuable.
Were they?
No, of course not.
Just low-grade iron pyrites.
Can I see them?
No, I threw them away.
-Have you any idea where he found them?
-No, he didn't say.
-Crab Key, perhaps?
-Definitely not.
Why so certain?
Not geologically possible.
Thank you very much indeed, Professor.
It's very kind of you
to spare me so much of your time.
You're very welcome, Mr. Bond.
Professor?
Allow me.
Morning.
I've got to get to Crab Key.
I can't take you.
You know the procedure, sir.
Look, there's no time for procedure now.
I'll take responsibility. Come on.
-Man, I hope you know what you're doing.
-Come on!
All right. Wind up.
-I radioed. They're expecting me.
-Go ahead.
(DOOR CLOSING)
DR. NO: Sit down.
Why have you disobeyed my strictest rule
and come in daylight?
I had to.
Bond came to see me this morning.
Yes, I know. I gave orders that
he should be killed. Why is he still alive?
Our attempts failed.
Your attempts failed. I do not like failure.
You are not
going to fail me again, Professor?
No. I came to warn you.
Warn me?
Tell you.
Bond has discovered those rock samples
of Strangways' came from Crab Key.
He's not a fool.
He's sure to come out here.
I hope not. If he does,
I shall hold you responsible.
I make myself clear?
Yes, quite clear.
Go to the table.
You see what is in the cage?
Pick it up.
Tonight.
-I'd like to send a cable.
-Yes, of course.
By the way, the car you ordered,
it's been delivered.
It's in number five parking lot.
-Thank you. Good night.
-Good night, Mr. Bond.
-Morning, PIeydeII-Smith.
-Morning, Bond.
Sorry to trouble you so early,
but I need some information.
-Go ahead.
-All you have on Dr. No and Crab Key.
Miss Taro, bring me the files on Dr. No,
will you.
-Sit down.
-What can you tell me about the island?
Not much,
except there's a bauxite mine there.
Dr. No runs the place
like a concentration camp.
I've heard some funny rumors,
but no one's ever complained officially.
Right, Miss Taro,
just leave them here, will you.
I'm very sorry,
but we can't find them anywhere.
What do you mean you can't find them?
Who had them last?
Commander Strangways, sir. Both files.
All right, Miss Taro. All right.
Damn nuisance,
their disappearing like that.
On the contrary.
I'd have been surprised if they hadn't.
By the way, that came for you from London
this morning in the plane,
in the diplomatic pouch.
Present from home.
Can I get out that way?
You know, that's a naughty little habit.
Listening at keyholes?
I wasn't listening.
I was looking for those files.
Anything that can't be found,
I get the blame.
Forget it. I'm sure
it's not very important anyhow.
I'd just hate to think
you're gonna spend the whole afternoon
looking for these things.
No. I have the afternoon off.
There's a coincidence. So have I.
Why don't you
show me around the island?
What should I say to an invitation
from a strange gentleman?
You should say yes.
I should say maybe.
3:00 at my hotel, maybe?
-Yes, maybe.
-Good.
(GEIGER COUNTER TICKING)
The luminous dial activates it.
Here, hold this.
Now, where exactly
did Commander Strangways
place those samples?
-About where your feet is, sir.
-Good.
(GEIGER COUNTER TICKING)
-Hi there.
-Hi.
Lose something?
Take a look at this Geiger reading.
Those samples Strangways brought back
from Crab Key were radioactive.
Yet Professor Dent told me
they were worthless chunks of iron ore.
He's either a bad professor or a poor liar.
I intend to find out which.
Quarrel, how soon
can you get us over to Crab Key?
Well, it's like this here, captain.
Commander Strangways, he done
take samples of all the islands.
Supposing we start checking
the nearest ones first?
No, no.
Crab Key is the one I'm interested in.
I done take the commander there,
and we got away without trouble.
It don't do for a man
to tempt providence too often.
-You see, there's a dragon.
-What?
Native superstition.
Started by Dr. No, probably.
All right, Quarrel.
We don't want to force you to do anything.
Leiter and I will go over after dark if
you'll give us the navigational directions.
I gets my navigational directions
from my nose,
my ears, from my instincts.
Anyway, I'll be here about 7:00.
Fine.
Mr. Bond, there's
a telephone message for you.
-Johnny, what have you done with it?
-It's right here.
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
Oh, Mr. Bond. I was thinking.
Why don't you collect me
at my apartment?
It's lovely up here in the mountains.
Nice and cool.
All right. You leave
the Port Royal Road out of Kingston.
Then along the Wentworth Road
until you get to the cement factory.
Then you turn left.
Follow the road up the hill,
down the other side
and two miles further on, on the left
Magenta Drive, 2171.
I’ll be waiting for you.
(CAR STRIKING BUMPER)
(HORN HONKING)
How did it happen?
I think they were on their way to a funeral.
(DOORBELL RINGING)
Just a minute.
You did invite me here, remember?
Of course. I just didn't
expect you here so soon.
Yes, yes, come in.
I'll just go and put some clothes on.
Don't go to any trouble on my account.
Please.
Forgive me. I thought I was
invited up here to admire the view.
(PHONE RINGING)
I feel one of us should answer it.
Hello? Yes. Yes, I know. He's here now.
I don't know what happened.
All right. I'll try and keep him here
for a couple of hours.
All right... I'll have to go now.
All right. I'll call you later.
You believe in living dangerously.
I can see that.
What do you mean?
Sitting around with wet hair,
you'll die of pneumonia.
-It is rather beautiful.
-Thank you.
Tell me, do you always wear it up?
-Don't you like it that way?
-Yes, very much.
With your sort of face, it's wonderful.
-What's going on behind my back?
-Nothing.
(ZIPPER UNZIPPING)
Look, no hands.
I'm hungry. Let's go out and eat.
I'll make you a Chinese dinner here.
No. I'm feeling Italian and musical.
-Let's go to the Blue Mountain Grill.
-I'd rather stay here.
It's more fun alone.
Yes, but I don't want you
getting dishpan hands.
I like cooking.
Forget it. May I use your phone?
-Who are you ringing?
-Taxi.
James Bond here. Can I have
a car sent to 2171 Magenta Drive?
As soon as you can, please. Thank you.
I thought you came by car.
Damn thing wouldn't start. Engine trouble.
That explains...
-Explains what?
-Why you need a taxi.
-Why I need a taxi?
-Careful, my nail varnish!
-The lights.
-No, no. I always leave them on.
(GASPS)
What's going on?
Forgive me.
Book her, superintendent, will you?
And...be careful of her nail varnish.
(UNDER THE MANGO TREE PLAYING)
Underneath the mango tree
Me honey and me can watch for the moon
Me honey and me make boolooloop soon
Underneath the moonlit sky
Me honey and I can sit hand in hand
Me honey and I can make fairyland
Mango, banana and tangerine
Sugar and ackee…
(DOOR OPENING)
Drop it, Professor! I'm behind you!
I thought you'd turn up sooner or later.
Sit down.
-The girl talked.
-But of course.
l was suspicious
at the Queens Club anyhow
when it turned out you were the only one
who'd seen Strangways' new secretary.
Then later at the lab,
you made no reference to the fact that
Strangways' samples were radioactive.
Very clever, Mr. Bond.
You're up against more than you know.
You shoot me
and you'll end up like Strangways.
You killed him?
He was killed, but never mind how.
Who are you working for, Professor?
You might as well know, as you won't live
to use the information. I'm working for...
It's a Smith & Wesson,
and you've had your six.
Better late than never.
-Everything ready?
-Yeah, for the last two hours.
Now, don't worry, Quarrel.
Everything's gonna be fine.
You say so, captain.
Bottom part of where my belly used to be
tells me different.
For me, Crab Key's
going to be a gentle relaxation.
-From what? Dames?
-No, from being a clay pigeon.
This is as far as we go with the engine.
Make with paddle and wind
from now on in.
Okay.
-Let me go with him.
-No. We settled that.
Anyhow it's my beat.
But it's my head in the noose
if anything gets unstuck.
Canaveral's say they can only wait
48 hours for that moon shot.
We'll be back in 12.
If not, then it's your beat.
You better bring your marines with you.
Quarrel, if you see a dragon
you get in first and breathe on him,
you hear.
With all that rum in you, he'll die happy.
Better drop the sail
in case their radar's on scan.
Hard about, captain. Now!
Cover it up.
We'd better get some sleep
before it gets light.
I'll be down this end.
(WOMAN FAINTLY SINGING)
When we get married
We make them grow
Underneath the mango tree
Come watch for the moon
Mango tree, me honey and me
Make boolooloop
Underneath the mango tree
Make boolooloop soon
Me honey and me
Underneath the mango tree
My honey and me
Who is that?
It's all right. I'm not supposed
to be here either. I take it you're not.
Are you alone?
What are you doing here?
Looking for shells?
-No, I'm just looking.
-Stay where you are.
-I promise I won't steal your shells.
-I promise you, you won't either.
Stay where you are!
I can assure you,
my intentions are strictly honorable.
-What's your name?
-Ryder.
-Ryder what?
-Honey Ryder.
-What's so funny about it?
-Nothing. It's a very pretty name.
-What's your name?
-James.
Tell me, Honey, did you use your sail
all the way up to the reef here?
Of course. I always do.
Then they'll know we're here.
They have radar.
My boat is too small to be noticed.
And I often come here to get the shells.
At first they used to try to catch me,
but they couldn't.
Now I don't think they bother anymore.
They will this time.
-Hey, don't bother with those now!
-Don't bother?
Are they valuable?
This one is worth $50 in Miami. Fifty!
-You promise you won't tell anyone?
-I promise.
-Hey, come and take a look!
-That's all right. He's with me.
Captain, what do you think of that?
What's the matter?
(BOAT APPROACHING)
That's a high-powered boat.
Take some cover. Come on!
They're here, all right.
Okay, folks.
Come out and you won’t get hurt.
Stand up and show yourselves
or we’ll be forced to open fire!
Come on out!
We know you’re there!
We’ve been expecting you.
Just walk out with your hands up
and you’ll be okay.
This is your last chance.
They're bluffing, but keep your head down.
All right! You’ve been warned!
-This is it!
-Lie still.
It won't last long.
They don't really know we're here.
Fire!
You coming out? All right, then.
We’ll be back!
We’ll be back with the dogs!
Full speed ahead.
I told you there was something wrong
about this place.
-That was a machine gun, not a dragon.
-There's a dragon here, too.
-She's right.
-You've seen it?
Yes, I have.
He had two great, glaring eyes,
short tail and pointed wings.
He was breathing fire.
You don't believe me, do you?
Little gal, I does.
I tell you, Mr. Bond.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Listen, both of you.
There are no such things as dragons.
What you saw
was something that looked like one.
I'm trying to think what it was.
How do you know there aren't?
Anyhow what do you know about animals?
Did you ever see a mongoose dance,
or a scorpion with sunstroke
sting itself to death,
or a praying mantis eat her husband
after making love?
-I hate to admit it, but I haven't.
-Well, I have.
She's right.
All right. They've gone.
Honey, you're getting out of here.
I'm getting out when I'm ready,
and that's never in daylight.
This time you are, and fast.
Where's your boat?
Fetch my shoes.
Look! Look what they've done!
It's all your fault!
I'm sorry. I'll get you a new boat
when we get back to Kingston.
What are we going to do with her now?
If you like, I know a good place
where we can hide.
That'll do for a start.
Leave the things that you don't need.
Now, quick!
All right, all right.
-Must we come this way?
-Yes. It throws the dogs off the scent.
-Damn mosquitoes!
-Rub water all over yourself.
It's the salt they're after.
Hey! Quick! They's coming! Across there!
(DOGS BARKING)
Quarrel, cut some of those reeds!
Give me the knife.
Over there.
They're coming closer.
(EXCLAIMING)
-Be quiet. Keep quiet anyway.
-Something's biting my foot!
If you disturb the mud,
they'll know someone's been here.
Get down.
Look like they're onto something.
(BIRDS SCREECHING)
Shh.
Down. Get down.
-Why?
-Because I had to.
That guy sure knew his business,
trailing us
after we'd let the others done pass.
We got to get out of here quick.
Where's this hiding place of yours?
Up there.
Come on.
You smell nicer already.
Oh, thank you.
Mr. Bond! Quick!
-What's it now?
-Look at these!
Those are dragon tracks.
Look! That's where he breathed!
Captain, you ought to get some rest
if you want to.
I stay out here and watch
in case he smells us out
and comes looking for us.
Right. And I'll take the second watch.
We'll be out of here by midnight.
I never met a detective before.
-Are you going to arrest Dr. No?
-Someone is.
We can't have him
trying to kill everyone who comes here.
He doesn't just try.
-I'm pretty sure he killed my father.
-What do you mean by that?
You see,
my father was a marine zoologist.
We came to the Caribbean
for him to study seashells.
Then one day, he came to Crab Key,
and I never saw him again.
They said he must have drowned.
But he was far too good a diver
for that to happen to him.
Didn't the police investigate?
What about your family?
They investigated for a long time.
Then they said, "Missing, presumed dead."
I haven't got any family.
There was only my father and me.
You mean you're all alone?
Where did you live
before you came to the Caribbean?
All over the world.
The Philippines, Bali, Hawaii.
Just about anywhere there were shells.
I suppose you went to school somewhere.
I didn't need to. We had an encyclopedia.
I started at “A” when I was 8,
and now I've reached “T.”
I bet I know a lot more things than you do.
Didn't anyone in Kingston help?
Well, there was this man who owned
the place where we were living.
He let me stay on for a while
without paying.
Then one night, he came up to my room.
Well, you know.
I scratched his face, and then...
But he was stronger than I was.
What happened after that?
I put a black widow spider
underneath his mosquito net.
A female, and they're the worst.
It took him a whole week to die.
Did I do wrong?
It wouldn't do to make a habit of it.
Do you have a woman of your own?
Captain! Quick! Down here!
Whatever's coming, it's coming this way.
This time, I want to see it.
And hurry!
There's less than 12 hours to go.
Stay where you are! All of you!
Stay right where you are!
Okay, captain.
If that ain't a dragon, what is it?
A dragon that runs on diesel engines.
You can forget the spooks, Quarrel.
When it gets within range,
you take the driver.
I'll take the headlights and the tires.
You keep safe out of sight.
Come on, Quarrel.
-I told you to stay there.
-I was frightened.
Then get down.
(QUARREL SCREAMING)
Don't look.
Come on out!
Hands where we can see them!
And the dame! Quick!
Unless you want an extra navel.
Hold it. Drop that gun.
Now, kick it away from you.
The girl will stay where she is.
Now walk towards me, hands out in front.
Come on! Hey, you!
Hey, you!
Where do you think you're going?
Sorry we ain't got any flowers.
Come on, let's go. Come on.
Come on! Let's go.
Give me that knife!
-Leave him alone! Leave him alone!
-Get out of the way!
Get inside! Keep an eye on the man.
And be careful. They've been in the swamp
and they're contaminated.
Check that Geiger reading.
(GEIGER COUNTER TICKING)
He's reading 95, Chief. She's 88.
Too much for the monitors.
Scrub them down, but quick!
Turn around.
(GEIGER COUNTER TICKING)
Reading 72.8.
-The mud's soaked into their clothes.
All right then. Take off all their clothes.
-What's he going to do?
-Do as he says.
We picked up some
radioactive contamination.
-Do the girl first.
-Now look, man.
We give the orders around here!
Yeah, that's fine,
but do something about this, will you.
Here, come here, you. Here.
Use the high-temperature jets.
Full pressure.
Sixty-eight.
-She's reading 47.
-All right, then. Put the man through.
He's now clocking 40.
It is still high.
Reading 38.
Thirty-two.
-Down to eight.
-Hold the girl. Stage three.
He's now 18.
He's now at eight.
-Practically zero. She's clear.
-Good. Get the man ready.
He's got a count of four.
-Check his fingernails.
-Put your hands in there.
He's okay.
I'II notify reception
they're coming through.
Decontamination here.
They're coming through now.
(DOOR CLOSING)
Come in. Come in.
Come in.
You poor dears. We simply
didn't know when to expect you.
First, it was teatime yesterday,
and then dinner.
It was only a half-hour ago
we really knew you were on your way.
Cigarette? There's American,
there's English and there's Turkish.
I'm Sister Rose. This is Sister Lily.
We're here to make your stay
as pleasant as possible.
That's really most kind of you,
but for the moment...
Of course,
you'll be wanting to see your rooms.
Breakfast is already ordered
and then you'll want to sleep.
The doctor left strict orders
you're not to be disturbed
until this evening.
He'd be delighted if you'd join him
for dinner. Shall I say you'll be there?
-Tell him I'll also be delighted.
-Splendid.
I know he'll be pleased. Here we are.
This will be your room, Mr. Bond.
This is your bathroom in here.
And for you, young lady, this is your room.
And you'll find fresh clothes in here.
I hope they fit.
We didn't get your sizes till last night.
Don't hesitate to ring
if there's anything else you want.
Anything at all.
Such as two air tickets to London?
I'll leave you two dear people in peace.
Let's have some breakfast.
-How can you eat at a time like this?
-Because I'm hungry.
We don't know
when we'll get a chance to eat again.
Here. Take this.
(WHISPERING) Careful. The whole place
is probably wired for sound.
Have you...
Have you any idea
what they're going to do with us?
No idea.
No door handles or windows either.
-It's a prison, then.
-Mink-lined, with first-class service.
What's the matter?
I don't feel so good.
I feel so sleepy.
Damn coffee!
How do you feel?
Sleepy.
-What made us pass out like that?
-The coffee was drugged.
It's almost time for dinner.
We don't want to keep the doctor waiting,
do we?
That would never do. You ready, Honey?
I suppose so.
You're doing fine.
Come on.
Am I properly dressed for the occasion?
-Quite suitable.
-Suitable for what?
This way, please.
I'm glad your hands are sweating, too.
Of course. I'm scared, too.
So be natural,
and leave all the talking to me.
In here, please.
I hope you enjoy your dinner.
Come and look.
Artificial light.
We could be hundreds of feet
beneath the sea.
And look at that. Sea tulips.
They do not grow above 200 feet.
One million dollars, Mr. Bond.
You were wondering what it cost.
As a matter of fact, I was.
Forgive my not shaking hands.
It becomes a bit awkward with these.
A misfortune.
You were admiring my aquarium.
Yes. It's quite impressive.
A unique feat of engineering,
if I may say so. I designed it myself.
The glass is convex, 10 inches thick,
which accounts for the magnifying effect.
Minnows pretending they're whales.
Just like you on this island, Dr. No.
It depends, Mr. Bond,
on which side of the glass you are.
A medium-dry martini, lemon peel.
Shaken, not stirred.
-Vodka?
-Of course.
We'll have dinner at once.
There's so much to discuss, so little time.
Well, Dr. No,
you haven't done badly, considering.
A handicap is what you make of it.
l was the unwanted child
of a German missionary
and a Chinese girl of good family.
Yet I became treasurer of the most
powerful criminal society in China.
It's rare for the Tongs to trust anyone
who isn't completely Chinese.
I doubt they should do so again.
I escaped to America
with 10 million of their dollars in gold.
That's how you financed this operation.
It was a good idea to use atomic power.
I'm glad to see you can handle it properly.
I'd hate to think your decontamination
chamber wasn't effective.
My work has given me
a unique knowledge of radioactivity
but not without costs, as you see.
Yes.
Your power source had our organization
puzzled for some time.
They are still puzzled, Mr. Bond.
Not any longer. I sent a complete report.
Bluff, Mr. Bond.
You've not contacted your headquarters
since you requested a Geiger counter.
But there are so many files
open on you already, Dr. No.
Our own, the CIA's,
the one from the Tong society
that you robbed.
When trouble comes, you'll find
this is a very small and naked little island.
An expendable little island, Mr. Bond.
When my mission here,
in Crab Key is accomplished,
I destroy it and move on.
But the habit of inquiry is persistent.
I see you're wondering why, where, when.
I only gratify your curiosity
because you're the one man I've met
capable of appreciating what I've done
and keeping it to himself.
Just a minute.
There's no point in involving the girl
at this stage.
She has nothing to do with us.
Let her go free. She'll promise not to talk.
-No, I won't. I'm staying with you.
-I don't want you here.
I agree. This is no place for the girl.
Take her away.
No. No!
I'm sure the guards will amuse her.
Let me go! Let me go!
That's a Dom Perignon '55.
It would be a pity to break it.
I prefer the '53 myself.
Clumsy effort, Mr. Bond.
You disappoint me.
I'm not a fool,
so please don't treat me as one.
And that table knife, please put it back.
We can't all be geniuses, can we?
Tell me, does toppling American missiles
really compensate for having no hands?
Missiles are only the first step
to prove our power.
"Our power"?
With your disregard for human life,
you must be working for the East.
East, West, just points of the compass,
each as stupid as the other.
-I'm a member of SPECTRE.
-SPECTRE?
SPECTRE. "Special Executive
for Counterintelligence
"Terrorism, Revenge, Extortion."
The four great cornerstones of power,
headed by the greatest brains
in the world.
Correction. Criminal brains.
The successful criminal brain
is always superior. It has to be.
Why become criminal?
I'm sure the West would welcome
a scientist of your caliber.
The Americans are fools.
I offered my services, they refused.
So did the East.
Now they can both pay for their mistake.
World domination. That same old dream.
Our asylums are full of people
who think they're Napoleon or God.
You persist
in trying to provoke me, Mr. Bond.
-I could've had you killed in the swamp.
-Why didn't you?
I thought you less stupid.
Usually when a man gets in my way...
But you were different.
You cost me time, money, effort.
You damaged my organization
and my pride.
I was curious to see
what kind of a man you were.
I thought there might
even be a place for you at SPECTRE.
I'm flattered.
I'd prefer the revenge department.
Of course, my first job would be
finding the man
who killed Strangways and Quarrel.
Unfortunately, I misjudged you.
You are just a stupid policeman
whose luck has run out.
They're waiting for you
in the control room, Dr. No.
No hurry. They won't have started
their countdown check yet.
You won't
get away with it this time, Dr. No.
The Americans are prepared
for any trouble.
I never fail, Mr. Bond.
What do we do with him?
Soften him up.
I haven't finished with him yet.
(BOND GROANING)
(METAL CLANGING)
(WINCING)
(FABRIC RIPPING)
(WATER RUSHING)
(DOOR OPENING)
-Have you got new fuel elements loaded?
-AII ready, sir.
ANNOUNCER: The roadblock is
about 3,000 feet away.
Everyone in that area’s pulled back.
No traffic allowed there.
The launch area
is completely cleared for safety.
The only personnel within the 3,000 feet
are the launch crew inside the blockhouse
and the test counter.
Although the alarm has not been given,
the time of the alarm
must be near the count.
The vehicle is now
at its full weight of 240 tons
and all the automatic transistors
have been put on in the vehicle.
We will run up to half-power
for 30 seconds.
Control interlocks free. Fuel elements 12.5.
-Control?
-Control rod actuators operating.
Core temperature, 113.
-Converters?
-Converters standing by.
Ignition meters on.
-Radiation?
-Counters 121, 141, 109.
-Energy stabilizers?
-Energy steady at point-8 megawatts.
ANNOUNCER: …system of tracking stations
are plugged
into the Mercury Control Center…
Fuel elements?
Fuel elements! Where's Chang?
Chang! What are you doing there?
Get on the gantry!
Hurry!
-Shut down.
-Shut down reactors!
This is where space traffic control should
make a second go or no-go decision.
This is Mercury Control.
The countdown for the…
Reactor shutdown,
temperature 227, falling.
-Converters off.
Radiation reading.
-Radiation zero.
Shutdown procedure complete.
Reactor safe.
Stand by.
ANNOUNCER: We’ll now stay on Mercury
Spacecraft Control for final countdown.
This is Mercury Control.
Check indicates
all systems are go at this time.
The countdown is now
4 minutes, 30 seconds and counting.
This is Mercury Control.
The spacecraft pilot, the launch,
the tracking crew in case of emergency,
and now even the weatherman,
have given us the word “go.”
Remain on standby.
Approximately two minutes to go.
Control rod actuators standing by.
Converters standing by.
Synchronize radio beam for toppling.
Synchronizing radio beam for toppling.
Radio beam synchronized for toppling.
Zero in your mark now.
ANNOUNCER: We will now stay on Mercury
Spacecraft Control for final countdown.
Stand by.
Run to full power. Fuel elements, 21.
Attention all controls.
Going into operation now.
Control has been made.
The umbilical is retracted.
All elements of progress and operation
are reported that they’re in good condition
for the flight.
We are in T-minus 19 seconds
and counting.
T-minus 15 and counting.
Ten, nine, eight, seven…
Stop, you fools! Shut down!
…three, two, one, zero.
Blast ofﬂ
ANNOUNCER: The tower
has been jettisoned.
There’s the rocket against
that gray sky, and it’s great!
We can see the outline of the rocket.
The engines are burning.
You can hear that the roar
still sounds good and true.
It’s above the fourth tank.
It’s a very hot rocket.
You can see the flame of it
coming into clear, blue sky
up in the sunlight, beginning to gleam.
Very good, steady climb.
All systems go! Go! Go!
(ALARM BELL RINGING)
Honey! Honey!
Honey!
-Where's the girl I came in with?
-I don't know! I don't know!
You know the girl
they brought in with me, where is she?
-Number 12.
-Show me!
(PEOPLE SHOUTING)
(ALL CLAMORING)
We've run out of fuel.
What are we going to do now?
Well, we can swim or...
-Or what?
-Come here.
Ahoy, Mr. Bond! Ahoy, Mr. Bond!
Well, well! What's the matter?
Do you need help?
I’m quite sure you don’t.
Now that you're here,
you'd better give us a tow.
Throw us your line.